8/1/2011
	180 minutes - implementing video and photo activities
	
8/4/2011
	120 minutes - worked on implementing the video and photo activity
	
8/6/2011
	120 minutes - implemented video and photo in activity postings (finally)
	30 minutes - fixed bug where keyboard shows up when you load activity page.
	
8/8/2011
	45 minutes - looking into the video problem, disabling for the time being.
	
8/14/2011
	45 minutes - twitter sign up during create
	90 minutes - worked on notifications
	
8/23/2011
	30 minutes - fixed bug with failing on initial load.
	30 minutes - fixed minor bug with feedback, added proper icon and app name
	60 minutes - fixed notifications so they actually work
	30 minutes - fixed a bug with creating events on home page, now they get created but I think times are still off.
	
8/24/2011
	30 minutes - debugging and fixing the issue with the droid 2.2
	45 minutes - fixed some bugs with events in quick views, and made it look a bit nicer.
	
8/27/2011
	90 minutes - fixed bugs that were causing the errors in the rteam errog log.
	60 minutes - fixing layout issues (when soft keyboard would force resizing of some screens and made them look weird) 
					and enabling/disabling submit buttons for create team/member/event/poll/message along with layout updates to indiate required fields 
		
TODO :
	- FUTURE TASK: View attendance for member
	- FUTURE TASK: Event activity screen
	- FUTURE TASK: Sometimes when switching views the loading message doesn't stop
	x TASK: Twitter sign up during create team.
	x TASK: What to do when you're a fan of the team -- team home probably should look slightly different.
	x TASK: Utilize the Quick Links space better when there are none ?
	x TASK: Make all log events use the same identifier or at least similar ones:
		rTeam, rTeam.API, rTeam.etc...
	x BUG: Show twitter icon when they use twitter on activity
	x TASK: Settings page -> auto login, alerts ?
	x TASK: Give feedback, Rate rTeam
	x BUG: Error on first load
	x TASK: Implement photos and videos for activity page.
	x BUG: Figure out if there's a bug or something with event creation from the home page 
		x the times seem to get messed up when the events are loaded up from the server
		x and they don't get added to the quick links, which they should.
	x BUG: CreateMember: Disable create button for creating member when they haven't filled everything out.
	x BUG: CreateMember: Indicate which fields are required by their hint text
	x BUG: SendMessage: Indicate which fields are required by their hint text
	x BUG: CreateTeam: Indicate which fields are required by their hint text
	x BUG: CreateTeam: Disable create button when not all required fields are selected
	x BUG: CreateEvent: Disable add button when not all fields are required
	x BUG: CreateEvent: Indicate which fields are required by their hint text
	x BUG: CreatePoll: Indicate which fields are required by their hint text
	x BUG: CreatePoll: Disable send button when not all required fields are done
	- BUG: Inbox/Polls/Sent: Default text for when there are no messages.
	- TASK: Implement video manually or leave it out?